In the last lecture we recognized that the text here of our info component also is a Taluk.
Now you could think that's the case because we included in the user component and dare we set the style
to apply as a taluk style to all paragraphs that kind of is true.
But if we were to add a style or a paragraph excuse me to our Aptos view fall like this is a test.
So a couple of which definitely is not a child component of our user dog you file and we now save we
see that here.
This is also the Telic the reason for it is this by default all the styles are applied as Globalstar
in our app.
They're not scoped to a specific component but we can force this scoping by adding scopes as an attribute
to the styles.
Heck if we do this and save again and reload our page you will see that the user and the info components
which are indeed in their relation still use the Telic styling but the app thought view file so a root
component where we all have a paragraph does not use it because now the styling is really scoped to
the component and it's shared components where we defined it in.